How to select the Device Financing domain.
If you selected the Device Financing domain during account creation,
your Knox Guard tenant includes a unique set of security-hardening mechanisms
and policies to protect your devices from hacking.
These configurations, referred to as Hardened Security mode,
include several features that are automatically applied to your devices after activation.
Key points to note:
Hardened Security mode is mandatory for all new devices
when you select the device financing domain.
Hardened Security mode is only available for devices that support
hardened security architecture.
These includes Samsung Galaxy S26 and all subsequent models,
and the Galaxy A17 LTE.
Once hardened security mode is applied, this setting cannot be reversed.
Devices with hardened security mode are non-transferable to other domain types.
This means you cannot upload them to a different domain,
even if they are removed from Knox Guard.
You can review the list of Hardened Security mode features after selecting the
Device Financing domain during account creation.
For more detailed descriptions of each feature,
refer to the Knox Guard admin guide, which is linked on the page.
After reviewing the features,
you'll need to provide your company's contact information.
This information appears on the device screen during Knox Guard activation,
and on the Customer Support screen whenever a device is in an Offline Lock state.
Once you've entered your contact information,
confirm that you want to proceed with the device financing domain
and understand that Hardened Security mode will be applied to your devices.
After a Samsung admin approves your Knox Guard account,
your tenant will be registered in the device financing domain.
Your devices will then receive the added protection of
Hardened Security mode to safeguard them from hacking.
For more information on Knox Guard domains,
check out our other videos in the series or visit our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!